**HAKAN S. ALPAY**

P.O. Box 17863, Encino, CA 91416  
<hak7alp@gmail.com>; (818) 774-0756

**EDUCATION**

**UCLA: Computer Science and Engineering**

Will attend September 2017

**North Hollywood High School, Highly Gifted Magnet**

Graduation date: May 2017

G.P.A. 3.964 (unweighted)

**Biotechnology Summer Student Initiative, Fullerton College June 2015**

Attended a course conducting lab experiments. Practiced techniques
involved in creating medicines such as DNA agarose gel electrophoresis,
genetic engineering and protein purification.

**WORK EXPERIENCE**

**TheZenith Insurance Summer 2017**

Worked in Zenith Connect Mobile App team to develop an app for injured
workers to communicate and coordinate with their examiner. Wrote
functional documentation, designed icons, and fixed bugs in Android
Studio.

**Southern California Academy of Sciences Research Training Program May
2016**

Conducted research to determine the differences in aerodynamics between
large-scale and small-scale wind turbines. Mentor from UCLA Geography
Department. Prepared scientific paper and presentation for professional
science conference.

**Intern, TY Engineering and Design June 2014**

Completed revised floorplans to meet dimensions of house and follow
layer conventions.

**ACCOMPLISHMENTS**

-   Science Olympiad

    -   Senior Year (2016 – 2017 Season)

        -   2<sup>nd</sup> Place, Robot Arm, Polytechnic Invitational

        -   1<sup>st</sup> Place, Wind Power, Polytechnic Invitational

    -   Junior Year (2015 – 2016 Season)

        -   2<sup>nd</sup> Place, Robot Arm, Southern California State

        -   2<sup>nd</sup> Place, GeoLogic Mapping, Los Angeles Regional

        -   3<sup>rd</sup> Place, Wind Power, Los Angeles Regional

        -   3<sup>rd</sup> Place, Robot Arm, Los Angeles Regional

        -   3<sup>rd</sup> Place, Wind Power, Troy Invitational

        -   1<sup>st</sup> Place, Robot Arm, Polytechnic Invitational

        -   3<sup>rd</sup> Place, Wind Power, Polytechnic Invitational

<!-- -->

-   Third Place Winner, Applied Engineering, Los Angeles County Science
    Fair, March 2013

-   Fourth Place Winner, Product Science (Physical), California State
    Science Fair, April 2013

**SKILLS**

-   **Computer Projects:** C\# and JavaScript3DS Max, Blender, Maya,
    Arduino, Autodesk 3DS Max

-   **Game Design:** Unity Game Engine, MonoDevelop IDE, Eclipse IDE,
    Visual Studio IDE, Atom, Node.js

-   **Drafting**: AutoCAD, Rhino

-   **Microsoft Office:** Word, Excel, Publisher, PowerPoints, OneNote

-   **Programming Languages:** C\#, JavaScript, Java, SQL, C++

-   **Design:** (Computational) Linguistics, Illustration, Graphic
    Design (GIMP, Inkscape, Photoshop, Illustrator), Web Design,
    Cinematography (Premiere Pro), Motion Design (Aftereffects)

**ACTIVITIES**

-   Assistant Editor-in-Chief, The Magnitude, NHHS HGM Newsletter,
    September 2013 – June 2017

-   Online Manager, Outspoken Club, NHHS HGM, August 2015 – June 2017

-   Team Member, Science Olympiad, NHHS HGM, September 2014 – June 2017

-   Member, Math Club, NHHS HGM, September 2013 – June 2017

-   Secretary, American Red Cross Club, NHHS HGM, January – June 2015

-   Member, Bridge Club, NHHS HGM, January – June 2015

-   Member of Mu Alpha Theta (Honor Society), September 2015 – June 2017

**VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE**

**ONEgeneration Adult Daycare and Childcare (Non Profit) Summer 2015**

Supervised children, helped teachers in child care, served meals and
conducting activities in adult care.

**Adrin Nazarian for State Assembly October 2014 **

Operated phone bank and participated in Get Out The Vote door-to-door
canvassing.

**LANGUAGES**

-   **Spanish (Hispanic American)** (Proficient)

-   **Turkish** (Conversation Proficient)

-   **Japanese** (Basic Comprehension)

**PROJECTS**

**“Bokeh Bot” Twitterbot December 2016**

A bot that randomly generates an image containing bokeh (colored circles
that appear in around light sources in out-of-focus areas of a
photograph) and posts it to Twitter along with a randomly generated
name.

Node.js, Heroku, and Processing were used for this project.

**Science Olympiad Wind Power Turbine August 2016 - Present**

Constructed a blade assembly within the guidelines of the Science
Olympiad event “Wind Power.” The blade assembly is optimized to produce
maximum power with minimal weight and moment of inertia. A 3D printer
and CAD software such as AutoCAD and Rhino were used to print the blades
for this project, but constructed the assemblies and generator from CDs,
PVC piping, a motor, and wire.

**“Akrobat” Video Game November 2016**

Created a first person wave defense shooter in one month for the 2016
National STEM Video Game Challenge. The player employs a variety of
weapons to survive as long as possible in a closed arena as
progressively difficult enemies are spawned at the extents. The game
employed a colorful, bright aesthetic with a number of movement options
including wall-running to create a punchy experience. The Unity Game
Engine, and Microsoft Visual Studio were used for this project.

**“The Magnitude” Student-Run Literary Magazine Website March 2016 -
Present**

Designed a website for the Highly Gifted Magnet’s literary magazine “The
Magnitude” as Online Editor (promoted from Nonfiction editor). Showcases
submissions from each publication since the website’s inception in a
lucid and comfortable format. themagnitude.weebly.com

**“Kimeiga” Portfolio Website May 2015 – Present**

Designed a portfolio website that showcases many video games, videos,
languages, logos, brandings, AI bots, and other projects created
throughout design career. The website aims to combine interesting works
with bright colors and clean design to create a wholesome view of work
creations. www.kimei.ga



I put this on Github because at some point, it's easier to version control them rather than making tons of versions of resume word docs.

(even though I'm probably going to continue making tons of versions because I want offline access to all the differences)
